VPP Inventory/Topology
----------------------

- VPP management done through netconf-node-topology
- Mount point management done by sal-netconf-connector


Virtual Bridge Domain management
--------------------------------

Prerequisite: configured netconf-node-topology

1) Create a Virtual Bridge Domain:

	A) The UI creates a network topology instance in Controller Data Store
	with:

	- topology-types/vbridge-topology container
	- tunnel-type set to tunnel-type-vxlan
	- tunnel-parameters/vxlan/vni set to appropriate value
	- any bridge domain parameters from v3po:bridge-domain-attributes

	B) The Controller App receives a DataTreeChangeNotification about the
	topology instance being created

2) Assign a VPP into a Virtual Bridge Domain
	Prerequisite: Virtual Bridge Domain exists

	A) The UI creates a 'node' within the VBD network topology in the
	Controller Data Store with:

	- bridge-member container
	- supporting-node pointing to the VPP node in the
	  netconf-node-topology
	
	B) The Controller App receives a DataTreeChangeNotification about the
	node being added, and:

	- it looks at the supporting-node in the netconf topology and if the
	  node is connected:
	  - it creates a bridge domain with the name matching this VBD name,
	    copying bridge domain parameters from VBD Topology configuration
	    into the VPP
	  - once that succeeds it creates the corresponding
	    supporting-bridge-domain leaf in the Controller's operational
	    datastore. The leaf contains a RESTCONF-encoded instance
	    identifier of the bridge domain created in the VPP, relative to
	    that VPP's mount point.
	
3) Assigning a physical VPP interface into a Virtual Bridge Domain
	Prerequisite: The VPP itself has been added to the Virtual Bridge
	              Domain

	A) The UI creates a 'termination-point' inside the 'node' added in 2),
	with:

	- user-interface, containing RESTCONF-encoded instance identifier
	  of the VPP interface, relative to that VPP's mount point in config
	  data store.

	B) The Controller App receives a notification of this being done and:
	- looks if the VPP is connected, if it is, the app will:
	  - add the interface into the VPP's bridge domain configuration

Inverse operations are achieved by the UI deleting the corresponding nodes in
the Controller's configuration data store.
	  

Virtual Bridge Domain tunnel management
---------------------------------------

Operation is triggered by adding more than one VPP into the virtual bridge
domain, for sake of clarity this describes only one-way tunnel setup. The
process is repeated until a full mesh is achieved (FUTURE: spanning tree?).
The process is also simplified for demo purposes, real-world deployment would
deal with day-1 configuration and multi-provider setups.

Demo assumption: there is exactly one interface with a VRF and IP address
assined, which is the interface to be used for tunnels

The Controller App looks at the Source VPP:
- it finds the only interface with VRF and IP addresses. It will use this VRF
  as the vxlan tunnel VRF. It will use the IP address as the vxlan tunnel
  source.

The Controller App looks at the Destination VPP:
- it finds the only interface with VRF and IP addresses. It will use the IP
  address as the vxlan tunnel destination.

The Controller App sets up the tunnel on the source VPP, using the VNI
configured for this Virtual Bridge Domain and IP addresses as detailed above.

The controller app creates a new termination point within the VBD's the
controller's  operational data store, under the
node representing the source VPP, with a generated ID (mechanism is TBD, must
not conflict with VPP names) and 'tunnel-interface' leaf, which points to the
vxlan interface created on the source VPP (e.g. VPP config state).

This process is repeated in the reverse direction.

Once that is done, the controller app will create a link from the newly-created
source TP to the newly-created destination TP in the controller's operational
data store, with leaf 'tunnel' pointing to the source VPP's interface operation
state (e.g. VPP vxlan oper state). A reverse link will be created, with the
'tunnel' leaf pointing to the destination VPP's interface state.

